Ability
active
(after applying Weakness and Resistance).
(after applying Weakness and Resistance). The effect of Curly Wall doesn
(after applying Weakness and Resistance). The effect of Tundra Wall doesn
AllAttack
and discard them.
Ask your opponent if each player may take a Prize card. If yes, each player takes a Prize card. If no, you draw 4 cards.
asleep
Asleep
As often as you like during your turn, if you have any {R} Mega Evolution Pok
As often as you like during your turn, you may attach a Basic {L} Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Iono
As often as you like during your turn, you may attach a Basic {R} Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pok
As often as you like during your turn, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Team Rocket
As often as you like during your turn, you may use this Ability. Move a Basic {G} Energy from 1 of your Pok
As often as you like during your turn, you may use this Ability. Move an Energy from 1 of your other Pok
As often as you like during your turn, you may use this Ability. Move a {W} Energy from 1 of your Benched Pok
At any time during your turn, you may discard this card from play.
Attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched N
Attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to each of your Future Pok
Attach a Basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pok
Attach a Basic Energy card from your hand to this Pok
Attach a Basic {F} Energy card from your discard pile to this Pok
Attach a Basic {G} Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pok
Attach a Basic {P} Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched {P} Pok
Attach up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Stage 2 Pok
Attach up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pok
Attach up to 2 Basic {F} Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pok
Attach up to 2 Basic {M} Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pok
Attach up to 2 Basic {P} Energy cards from your hand to your Pok
Attach up to 2 Basic {W} Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pok
Attach up to 3 Basic {F} Energy cards from your discard pile to your Benched Pok
attackEffectType not set
attackId
attackIdH
attacks
Attacks used by each Tera Pok
Attacks used by Hop
Attacks used by the Hop
Attacks used by the Pikachu {ex} this card is attached to do 50 more damage to your opponent
Attacks used by the Poisoned Pok
Attacks used by the Pok
Attacks used by this Pok
Attacks used by your Cynthia
Attacks used by your Evolution {R} Pok
Attacks used by your {F} Pok
Attacks used by your Future Pok
Attacks used by your {G} Pok
Attacks used by your Hop
Attacks used by your Pok
At the end of your turn (after your attack), if the Pok
Basic {D} Energy
Basic {F} Energy
Basic {G} Energy
Basic {L} Energy
Basic {M} Energy
Basic {P} Energy
Basic {R} Energy
Basic {W} Energy
(before applying Weakness and Resistance).
Before doing damage, discard all Pok
Bench Manipulation
benchMax
benchMaxJ
Boomerang Energy
Boosted Evolution
Both Active Pok
Brighten and Burn
burned
Burned
Burning Charge
Burning Flare
Burn It All Up
Buzz Flip
by attacks from the opponent
cardIdActive
cardIdBench
Cellular Evolution
Chandelure
Choose 1 of your Benched N
Choose Basic {L} Energy cards from your discard pile up to the amount of Energy attached to all of your opponent
Choose up to 2 of your Benched {C} Pok
Coated Attack
CoinHead
confused
Confused
confusedH
Confused Pok
Confuse Ray
 Counterattack
 Counterattacking Crest
Count your Prize cards, shuffle them, and put them on the bottom of your deck. Then, take that many cards from the top of your deck and put them face down as your Prize cards.
damage
Damage
Damage Beat
DamageCounterAny
Damage Rush
deckCounL
deckCount
Devolve 1 of your evolved {P} Pok
Devolve each of your opponent
DisableAttack
discard
Discard
Discard 2 Basic {G} Energy cards from your hand. If you can
Discard 2 Energy from this Pok
Discard 3 Energy from this Pok
Discard 4 Basic {R} Energy cards from your hand. If you can
Discard 6 Basic {G} Energy cards from your hand, and Knock Out your opponent
Discard a Basic {G} Energy card from your hand. If you can
Discard a card from your hand. If you do, your opponent discards a card from their hand.
Discard a {G} Energy from this Pok
Discard a {L} Energy from this Pok
Discard all Energy from this Pok
Discard all {L} Energy from this Pok
Discard all {M} Energy from this Pok
Discard all Pok
Discard an Energy from this Pok
Discard an Energy from your opponent
Discard any amount of {R} Energy from among your Pok
Discard a Pok
Discard a random card from your opponent
Discard a {R} Energy from your opponent
Discard a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent
Discard a Special Energy from your opponent
Discard a Stadium in play.
Discard a Team Rocket
DiscardCardOrAttachedCard
DiscardEnergy
DiscardEnergyCard
Discard random cards from your opponent
Discard the top 2 cards of your deck.
Discard the top 2 cards of your opponent
Discard the top 3 cards of your deck.
Discard the top 3 cards of your opponent
Discard the top 6 cards of your deck, and this attack does 100 damage for each Basic {W} Energy card that you discarded in this way.
Discard the top 7 cards of your deck, and this attack does 70 damage for each Misty
Discard the top card of each player
Discard the top card of your deck.
Discard the top card of your deck, and if that card is a Pok
Discard the top card of your deck, and if that card is a Supporter card, use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
Discard the top card of your opponent
Discard this Pok
DiscardToolCard
Discard up to 2 Energy cards from this Pok
Discard up to 2 Energy cards from your hand, and this attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
Discard up to 2 {M} Energy from this Pok
Discard up to 3 Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 60 damage to 1 of your opponent
Discard up to 3 {G} Energy cards from your Pok
Discard up to 5 {R} Energy from this Pok
Discard your hand and draw 5 cards.
Discard your hand and draw 6 cards.
Discard your hand and search your deck for a Pok
Double the number of damage counters on each of your opponent
Draw 2 cards. If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, draw 2 more cards.
Draw 2 cards. Then, if you have 10 or more cards in your hand, draw 2 more cards.
Draw 4 cards. At the end of this turn, if you have 5 or more cards in your hand, discard your hand.
Draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand. Before drawing cards, you may discard any number of cards from your hand. (If you can
Draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand. If all of your Pok
Draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand.
Draw cards until you have 7 cards in your hand.
__dso_handle
During this turn, attacks used by your {F} Pok
 During this turn, attacks used by your Pok
During this turn, attacks used by your Pok
Each Basic {G} Energy attached to all of your Pok
Each of your evolved Pok
Each player discards cards from their hand until they have 5 cards in their hand. Your opponent discards first. (If a player has 5 or fewer cards in their hand, they do not discard.)
Each player shuffles their hand and puts it on the bottom of their deck. If either player put any cards on the bottom of their deck in this way, each player flips a coin. If heads, that player draws 6 cards. If tails, they draw 3 cards.
Each player shuffles their hand into their deck and draws 4 cards.
Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, flip a coin. If heads, you draw 5 cards,
Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, you draw 5 cards, and your opponent draws 2 cards.
Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, you draw 5 cards, and your opponent draws 3 cards.
Each Stage 2 Pok
energyAtA
energyAttached
energyCaH
energyCards
Energy Coin
Energy Crush
Energy Feather
Energy Gift
energyIndex
Energy Loop
Energy Recycler
Energy Retrieval
Energy Search
Energy Search Pro
Energy Short
Energy Straw
Energy Swatter
Energy Switch
energyTyA
energyType
Enriching Energy
evolutio
 Evolutionary Guidance
Evolution Jammer
evolutionType
Evolve
evolvesFrom
EvolvesFrom
EvolvesTo
(Existing effects are not removed. Damage is not an effect.)
Flip 2 coins. For each heads, discard an Energy from your opponent
Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, heal all damage from 1 of your Pok
Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, search your deck for a Basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pok
Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, this attack does 100 more damage.
Flip 2 coins. If both of them are tails, this Pok
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 10 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 20 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 30 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 30 more damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 40 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 50 more damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 70 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 80 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 90 damage for each heads.
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 90 damage for each heads. If both of them are tails, your opponent
Flip 2 coins. This attack does 90 damage for each heads. If either of them is heads, your opponent
Flip 3 coins. Attach an amount of Basic Energy up to the number of heads from your discard pile to your Benched Pok
Flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pok
Flip 3 coins. If all of them are heads, Knock Out 1 of your opponent
Flip 3 coins. Put a number of cards up to the number of heads from your discard pile into your hand.
Flip 3 coins. This attack does 10 damage for each heads.
Flip 3 coins. This attack does 120 damage for each heads.
Flip 3 coins. This attack does 20 damage for each heads.
Flip 3 coins. This attack does 30 damage for each heads.
Flip 4 coins. This attack does 100 damage for each heads.
Flip 4 coins. This attack does 30 damage for each heads.
Flip 4 coins. This attack does 60 damage for each heads. If at least 2 of them are heads, your opponent
Flip 4 coins. This attack does 80 damage for each heads.
Flip 5 coins. This attack does 30 damage for each heads.
Flip a coin for each {D} Pok
Flip a coin for each Energy attached to this Pok
Flip a coin for each {W} Energy attached to this Pok
Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Special Condition. Your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy from 1 of your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy from your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, Knock Out your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, switch in 1 of your opponent
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 10 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 20 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 more damage, and heal 30 damage from this Pok
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 40 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 50 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 60 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 70 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 80 more damage.
Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent
Flip a coin. If tails, during your next turn, this Pok
Flip a coin. If tails, this attack does nothing.
Flip a coin. If tails, this attack does nothing. If heads, during your opponent
Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, choose a random card from your opponent
Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, discard an Energy from your opponent
Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, discard the top card of your opponent
Flip a coin until you get tails. Search your deck for an amount of Basic Energy up to the number of heads and attach it to this Pok
Flip a coin until you get tails. Search your deck for a number of cards up to the number of heads and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 100 more damage for each heads.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 10 damage for each heads.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 20 damage for each heads.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 30 more damage for each heads.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 40 damage for each heads.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 50 damage for each heads.
Flip a coin until you get tails. This attack does 50 more damage for each heads.
Flip the Script
Focus Energy
For each of your Benched Pok
Ground Burn
Grow Grass Energy
handCounL
handCount
Handheld Fan
hand or deck from the discard pile.
Hand Trim
Hand Trimmer
Heal 100 damage from each of your Basic Pok
Heal 100 damage from each of your Benched Pok
Heal 10 damage from each of your Pok
Heal 10 damage from this Pok
Heal 120 damage from 1 of your Benched {P} Pok
Heal 150 damage from 1 of your Pok
Heal 150 damage from 1 of your {P} Pok
Heal 20 damage and remove a Special Condition from your Active Pok
Heal 20 damage from this Pok
Heal 30 damage from 1 of your Pok
Heal 30 damage from each of your Pok
Heal 30 damage from this Pok
Heal 30 damage from your Active Pok
Heal 40 damage from 1 of your Pok
Heal 40 damage from each of your Pok
Heal 40 damage from this Pok
Heal 50 damage from each of your Pok
Heal 50 damage from this Pok
Heal 60 damage from 1 of your Pok
Heal 60 damage from this Pok
Heal 60 damage from your Active {N} Pok
Heal 70 damage from your Active Pok
Heal 80 damage from your Active Pok
Heal all damage from 1 of your Benched Pok
Heal all damage from 1 of your Mega Evolution Pok
Heal all damage from 1 of your Pok
Heat Burn
Horn Attack
If any of your Benched Pancham have any damage counters on them, this attack does 120 more damage.
If a Stadium is in play, this attack also does 30 damage to each of your opponent
If a Stadium is in play, this attack does 120 more damage. Then, discard that Stadium.
If a Stadium is in play, this attack does 140 more damage. Then, discard that Stadium.
If a Stadium is in play, this attack does 60 more damage.
If a Stadium is in play, this attack does 60 more damage. Then, discard that Stadium.
If a Stadium is in play, this attack does 70 more damage.
If Beldum and Metang are on your Bench, this attack does 150 more damage.
If Durant is on your Bench, this attack does 20 more damage.
If Illumise is on your Bench, this attack does 60 more damage.
If there are 3 or fewer cards in your deck, this attack also does 120 damage to 2 of your opponent
If there is no Stadium in play, this attack does nothing.
If this card is attached to an Evolution Pok
If this card is attached to a Stage 2 Pok
If this card is discarded by an effect of an attack used by the Pok
If you attached Energy to a Pok
If you go first, you can use this attack during your first turn. Discard your hand and draw 5 cards.
If you go first, you can use this attack during your first turn. Search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
If you go first, you can use this attack during your first turn. Search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pok
If you go first, you can use this attack during your first turn. Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pok
If you have 10 or more Basic {R} Energy cards in your discard pile, this attack does 100 more damage.
If you have 3 or more Energy in play, this attack does 70 more damage. This attack
If you have 4 or fewer Benched Pok
If you have any {D} Mega Evolution Pok
If you have any Stage 2 {D} Pok
If you have a Stadium in play, this attack does 50 more damage.
If you have at least 4 {L} Energy in play, this attack does 90 more damage.
If you have at least 4 {R} Energy in play, this attack does 90 more damage.
If you have at least 4 {W} Energy in play, this attack does 90 more damage.
If you have exactly 6 Prize cards remaining, this attack does 200 more damage.
If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, attacks used by the Pok
If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, this attack does 90 more damage.
If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, this attack does 90 more damage.
If you played a Supporter card that has 
If you played Tarragon from your hand during this turn, discard the top 3 cards of your opponent
If your Active {D} Pok
If your Benched Pok
If your opponent has 2 or fewer Prize cards remaining, this attack does 100 more damage.
If your opponent has 3 or fewer cards in their hand, this attack does 120 more damage.
If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, this attack does 90 more damage.
If your opponent has 3 or more Benched Pok
If your opponent has any cards in their discard pile that have "Colress" in the name, this Pok
If your opponent has a Stadium in play, discard it. If you do, your opponent can
If your opponent has exactly 4 cards in their hand, ignore all {C} Energy in the costs of attacks used by this Pok
If you use this attack when you have exactly 1 Prize card remaining, you win this game.
Ignition Energy
 in its name. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pok
 in its name from your hand during this turn, this attack does 100 more damage.
 in its name in your discard pile.
 in its name, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
 in its name that has any damage counters on it.
 in their name and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
 in their name from your hand, and this attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
Legacy Energy
Lively Stadium
Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Pok
Look at the top 10 cards of your deck. You may put any number of Pok
Look at the top 20 cards of your deck and attach any number of Energy cards you find there to your Pok
Look at the top 3 cards of your deck and put them back in any order, or shuffle them and put them on the bottom of your deck.
Look at the top 4 cards of your deck. You may reveal any number of Supporter cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
Look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach a Basic Energy card you find there to 1 of your Pok
Look at the top 6 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Discard the other cards.
Look at the top 7 cards of your deck and put a {D} Pok
Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Pok
Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Supporter card you find there and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal up to 2 in any combination of {G} Pok
Look at the top 8 cards of your deck and put up to 3 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
Look at the top card of your deck. You may discard that card.
lose any Ability that requires the Pok
Mirror Attack
Mist Energy
mon (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon (after applying Weakness and Resistance). The effect of Stone Palace doesn
mon (after applying Weakness and Resistance). (This includes new Pok
mon after attacking.
mon already has any damage counters on it, this attack
mon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 200 more damage.
mon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 60 more damage.
mon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 80 more damage.
mon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 90 more damage.
mon also do 60 damage to itself and make your opponent
mon also does 10 damage to itself.
mon also does 10 damage to itself for each damage counter on it.
mon also does 20 damage to itself.
mon also does 30 damage to itself.
mon also does 50 damage to itself.
mon also does 60 damage to itself.
mon also does 70 damage to itself.
mon also does 70 damage to itself. Your opponent
mon also does 80 damage to itself.
mon also does 90 damage to itself.
mon and all attached cards into their deck.
mon and all attached cards into your deck.
mon and all attached cards into your hand.
mon and an Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, and a Stage 2 Pok
mon and a Trainer card you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon and attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to each of them.
mon and Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
mon and Basic {F} Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
mon and Basic {G} Energy cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon and Basic {R} Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, and discard a Stadium in play.
mon, and discard that Stadium. (Don
mon and have this attack do 130 more damage.
mon, and if you have any Pecharunt {ex} in play, your opponent takes 1 fewer Prize card.
mon and place 12 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
mon and put 2 damage counters on each of them.
mon and put it onto their Bench. Then, that player shuffles their deck. If a player searches their deck in this way, their turn ends.
mon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. If you put any Pok
mon and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon and Stadium cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, and take a Prize card.
mon, and this attack also does 50 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon, and this attack also does 90 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon, and this attack does 120 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon, and this attack does 120 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon, and this attack does 210 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon, and this attack does 280 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon, and this attack does 60 damage to each of 2 of your opponent
mon, and this attack does 90 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon, and this attack does 90 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pok
mon, a Stage 1 Pok
mon, a Supporter card, and a Basic Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). The effect of Extra Helpings doesn
mon. Before doing damage, you may attach any number of Basic {W} Energy cards from your hand to this Pok
mon Burned.
mon by attacks
mon by attacks.
mon by attacks from Basic non-{C} Pok
mon by attacks from Basic Pok
mon by attacks from your opponent
mon by attacks if that damage is 40 or less.
mon by attacks if that damage is 60 or less.
mon by putting any number of Evolution cards on it into your hand. (That Pok
mon by putting the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your opponent
mon by shuffling the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your opponent
mon can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
mon can evolve into any Pok
mon can evolve into {G} Pok
mon can use any attack from its previous Evolutions. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
mon can use attacks during your first turn.
mon can use the Double-Edge attack for {P}.
mon can use the Trifrost attack for {C}.
mon Checkup, put 1 damage counter on each Pok
mon Checkup, put 2 more damage counters on each Poisoned non-{D} Pok
mon Checkup, put 3 more damage counters on your opponent
mon Checkup, put 8 damage counters on that Pok
mon Confused.
mon cost {C} less for each Kofu card in your discard pile.
mon cost {C} more, and its Retreat Cost is {C} more.
mon costs {C} less for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
mon. (Damage from attacks is still taken.)
mon. (Damage is not an effect.)
mon, discard it at the end of your turn.
mon. Discard the top 2 cards of your opponent
mon, discard this card.
mon do 100 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon do 10 more damage to your opponent
mon do 120 more damage to your opponent
mon, do 20 damage to it. This damage isn
mon do 20 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon do 20 more damage to your opponent
mon do 30 less damage
mon do 30 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon do 30 more damage to your opponent
mon do 40 more damage to your opponent
mon do 50 more damage to your opponent
mon does 100 damage to itself. Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent
mon done to your Benched Pok
mon, draw cards until you have 8 cards in your hand instead.
mon during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Basic {M} Energy cards from your discard pile to your {M} Pok
mon during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Spiky Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pok
mon during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand and you put any number of Basic Pok
mon during your turn, you may heal all damage from your Active {G} Pok
mon during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
mon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 5 Basic {D} Energy cards and attach them to your Marnie
mon equal to the damage done to this Pok
mon (even if your Active {D} Pok
mon evolved from Gimmighoul during this turn, this attack does 90 more damage.
mon evolved from Magneton during this turn, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon evolved from Misty
mon {ex} and Active Pok
mon {ex} (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon, except any Iron Crown {ex}, do 20 more damage to your opponent
mon, except any Pecharunt {ex}, with your Active Pok
mon {ex}. If you healed any damage in this way, put all Energy attached to that Pok
mon {ex} in play, attacks used by this Pok
mon {ex} in play, you may use this Ability. Attach a Basic {R} Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched {R} Pok
mon {ex} in play, you may use this Ability. Heal 60 damage from 1 of your Pok
mon {ex} in play, you may use this Ability. Switch this Pok
mon {ex} in your discard pile that has 
mon. (Existing effects are not removed. Damage is not an effect.)
mon {ex} or Benched Pok
mon {ex}, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon {ex}, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon {ex} that evolves from Eevee if you play it from your hand
mon {ex}, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. The effect of Shadowy Concealment doesn
mon {ex}. This attack
mon {ex}, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon {ex}, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon {ex}, this attack does 40 more damage.
mon {ex}, this attack does 70 more damage.
mon {ex}, this attack does 80 more damage.
mon {ex}, this attack does 90 more damage.
mon {ex}, this attack does nothing. This attack
mon, flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 150 damage to that Pok
mon for each Basic {G} Energy card in your discard pile. Then, shuffle those Energy cards into your deck.
mon for each card in your hand.
mon for each damage counter on that Pok
mon for each Energy attached to this Pok
mon for each Energy card you discarded in this way.
mon for each {G} Energy attached to this Pok
mon for each {M} Energy attached to this Pok
mon for each Prize card your opponent has taken (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon for each Prize card your opponent has taken. (Don
mon for each tails. This attack
mon from their Bench until they have 5, and the player who played this card discards first.
mon from their Bench until they have 5. When this card leaves play, both players discard Pok
mon from their hand to evolve 1 of their Pok
mon from their hand to evolve their Pok
mon from your discard pile into your deck.
mon from your discard pile into your hand.
mon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Basic {F} Energy cards from your hand to this Pok
mon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Stadium in play.
mon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard the top card of your opponent
mon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for a Pok
mon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 Basic {F} Energy cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may switch it with your Active Pok
mon from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You can
mon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pok
mon gets +40 HP for each {F} Energy attached to it.
mon has 2 or more damage counters on it, attacks used by this Pok
mon has 2 or more {G} Energy attached, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon has any damage counters on it, this attack can be used for {D}.
mon has any damage counters on it, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon has any damage counters on it, this attack does 150 more damage.
mon has any {D} Energy attached and is damaged by an attack, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
mon has any {D} Energy attached, it gets +100 HP, and the attacks it uses do 100 more damage to your opponent
mon has any {D} Energy attached, you may move up to 3 damage counters from 1 of your Pok
mon has any Energy attached, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for an Evolution Pok
mon has any {F} Energy attached, this attack does 20 more damage.
mon has any {G} Energy attached, you may use this Ability. Heal 30 damage from 1 of your Pok
mon has any {L} Energy attached, this attack does 80 more damage.
mon has any Special Energy attached, it gets +150 HP.
mon has any Special Energy attached, it is Knocked Out.
mon has any Special Energy attached, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon has at least 2 extra Energy attached (in addition to this attack
mon has exactly 6 damage counters on it, that Pok
mon has {F} Resistance, this attack does 50 more damage.
mon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
mon has no damage counters on it before this attack does damage, this attack does nothing.
mon has no damage counters on it, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon has no Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
mon has no Weakness.
mon has the Festival Lead Ability, you may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon have any damage counters on them, this attack does 60 more damage.
mon have the same amount of Energy attached, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon, heal 100 damage from it instead.
mon, heal 90 damage from that Pok
mon. If tails, put 2 damage counters on your Active Pok
mon if that damage is 200 or more.
mon. If you attached Energy to a Pok
mon. If you discarded a Pok
mon. If you do, discard your opponent
mon. If you do, draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand.
mon. If you do, during this turn, attacks used by this Pok
mon. If you do, heal all damage from that Pok
mon. If you do, the new Active Pok
mon. If you do, you may move any amount of Energy from the Pok
mon. If you do, you may move any amount of Energy from your other Pok
mon. If you healed any damage in this way, discard all Energy from that Pok
mon. If you healed any damage in this way, discard all Energy from those Pok
mon. If you healed any damage in this way, discard an Energy from that Pok
mon. If you placed any damage counters in this way, discard this card.
mon. If you use this Ability, this Pok
mon in any way you like. If you use this Ability, this Pok
mon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards and put them on the bottom of your deck.
mon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand.
mon in play have no Retreat Cost.
mon in play. If you have a Stage 2 card in your hand that evolves from that Pok
mon in play is now {P}. (Apply Weakness as
mon in play, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon in play that has the Round attack.
mon in play, that player discards Pok
mon in play, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon in play, you may search your deck for up to 2 Trainer cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon in this way, heal 30 damage from that Pok
mon in this way, it is now Poisoned.
mon in this way, place 2 damage counters on that Pok
mon in this way, put this card into your deck. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, into their deck.
mon into their hand.
mon into your deck and have this attack do 80 more damage.
mon into your deck, and this attack does 220 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon into your deck. If you do, this attack also does 120 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon into your hand.
mon into your hand. (Discard all cards attached to this Pok
mon into your hand instead of the discard pile.
mon into your hand to have this attack do 80 more damage.
mon in your discard pile that has the United Wings attack.
mon in your hand and put them into your deck. If you do, search your deck for up to that many Pok
mon is affected by a Special Condition, ignore all Energy in this attack
mon is affected by a Special Condition, place 6 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
mon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon is an Evolution Pok
mon is a Stage 2 Pok
mon is Burned or Poisoned, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon is Burned, this attack does 160 more damage.
mon is Burned, this attack does 40 more damage.
mon is damaged by an attack
mon is damaged by an attack (even if this Pok
mon is damaged by an attack from your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an attack from your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, attacks used by your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, it can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
mon is in the Active Spot, Pok
mon is in the Active Spot, put 2 damage counters on each of your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, put 5 more damage counters on your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pok
mon is in the Active Spot, whenever your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, you may devolve 1 of your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, you may have your opponent shuffle their hand into their deck and draw 3 cards.
mon is in the Active Spot, you may look at the top 6 cards of your deck, reveal a Supporter card you find there, and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon is in the Active Spot, you may make your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, you may put a Basic Pok
mon is in the Active Spot, you may shuffle it and all attached cards into your deck.
mon is in the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Draw 2 cards. You can
mon is in the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Each player draws a card.
mon is in the Active Spot, your opponent
mon is in the Active Spot, your opponent can
mon is in your hand and your opponent has any Stage 2 Pok
mon is in your hand when you are setting up to play, you may put it face down in the Active Spot.
mon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent
mon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack used by this Pok
mon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack used by your N
mon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack used by your Tera Pok
mon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, during your opponent
mon is Knocked Out), discard an Energy from the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, take 1 more Prize card. The effect of Wonder Kiss doesn
mon is Knocked Out), move an Energy from the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), place 1 damage counter on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), place 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), place 4 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), place 5 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), put 12 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), put damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon is Knocked Out), search your deck for up to 2 Pok
mon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pok
mon is now Asleep.
mon is now Asleep and Poisoned.
mon is now Asleep. Draw 2 cards.
mon is now Asleep. Heal 30 damage from it.
mon is now Burned.
mon is now Burned and Confused.
mon is now Burned and Poisoned. Switch this Pok
mon is now Confused.
mon is now Confused. During your opponent
mon is now Confused. You may move any number of damage counters on your opponent
mon is now Paralyzed.
mon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
mon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned. If tails, your opponent
mon is now Poisoned.
mon is now Poisoned. During Pok
mon is now Poisoned. During your opponent
mon is now Poisoned. You can
mon is on your Bench, all of your Steven
mon is on your Bench, and if you have any Mega Evolution Pok
mon is on your Bench, Benched Stage 2 Pok
mon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pok
mon is on your Bench, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks from your opponent
mon is on your Bench, you may discard the bottom card of your deck. If you do, discard all cards from this Pok
mon is on your Bench, you may switch it with your Active Pok
mon is on your Bench, you may use this Ability. Attach an Energy card from your hand to your Active Larry
mon is Poisoned, this attack does 130 more damage.
mon is Poisoned, this attack does 60 more damage.
mon is Poisoned, this attack does 90 more damage.
mon, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10. Then, discard this card.
mon, it is now Paralyzed.
mon, it provides 2 in any combination of {P} Energy and {D} Energy.
mon, it provides {C}{C}{C} Energy instead.
mon, it provides {C} Energy.
mon, it provides every type of Energy but provides only 1 Energy at a time.
mon, it provides {F} Energy.
mon, it provides {G} Energy.
mon, it provides {P} Energy.
mon, it takes 60 less damage (after applying Weakness and Resistance), and discard this card.
mon may use an attack it has twice. If the first attack Knocks Out your opponent
mon may use an attack it has twice in succession. If the first attack Knocks Out your opponent
mon moved from your Bench to the Active Spot this turn, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon moved from your Bench to the Active Spot this turn, this attack does 170 more damage.
mon moved from your Bench to the Active Spot this turn, this attack does 90 more damage.
mon moves from the Active Spot to the Bench, you may search your deck for a Palafin {ex} and switch it with this Pok
mon moves from the Active Spot to your Bench, you may use this Ability. Attach up to 2 Basic {W} Energy cards from your hand to this Pok
mon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may search your deck for up to 3 Basic {G} Energy cards and attach them to this Pok
mon moves to the Bench during their turn, place 2 damage counters on that Pok
mon moves to the Bench during their turn, their new Active Pok
mon, move up to 3 Basic Energy cards from that Pok
mon on their Bench.
mon on top of your deck.
mon onto their Bench during their turn, place 2 damage counters on that Pok
mon onto their Bench. Your opponent shuffles the other cards back into their deck.
mon onto your Bench.
mon onto your Bench in this way, move an Energy from this Pok
mon on your Bench.
mon on your Bench, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon on your Bench, this attack does 70 more damage.
mon or 1 Evolution Pok
mon or a Basic Energy card from your discard pile into your hand.
mon, or discard a Stadium in play.
mon Paralyzed.
mon, place 8 damage counters on that Pok
mon provides {G}{G} Energy. The effect of Wild Growth doesn
mon, put 4 damage counters on that Pok
mon, put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pok
mon, put it into your hand instead of the discard pile. (Discard all attached cards.)
mon, reveal it, and put it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
mon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, search your deck for a Basic {D} Energy card and attach it to that Pok
mon, search your deck for a Basic {P} Energy card and attach it to that Pok
mon, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pok
mon, search your deck for up to 2 Basic {P} Pok
mon, search your deck for up to 3 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon, take 1 more Prize card.
mon take 30 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon, take 3 more Prize cards.
mon take 60 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon takes 100 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 10 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 20 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 30 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 30 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon takes 40 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 50 less damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 50 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon takes 60 less damage from attacks
mon that evolves from 1 of their Basic Pok
mon that evolves from that Pok
mon that has 3 or more Energy attached.
mon that has an Ability (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon that has an Ability (both yours and your opponent
mon that has an Ability from their hand, except for Team Rocket
mon that has any damage counters on it (both yours and your opponent
mon that has any damage counters on it. (Don
mon that has any Energy attached (both yours and your opponent
mon that has exactly 6 damage counters on it.
mon that has "Nidoking" in its name is on your Bench, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon that have 2 or less Energy attached can
mon that have an Ability.
mon that have an Ability (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon that have any {M} Energy attached take 20 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon that have any Special Energy attached.
mon that have any {W} Energy attached take 50 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon that have {M} Energy attached have no Retreat Cost.
mon, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card.
mon, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. This effect of your Legacy Energy only works once per game.
mon that you discarded in this way.
mon. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon. Then, shuffle your deck. If you attached Energy to a Pok
mon. Then, shuffle your deck. If you attached Energy to your Active Pok
mon the same amount of damage you did to your opponent
mon. This attack
mon. This attack also does 120 damage to 1 of your opponent
mon, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon. This attack does 110 damage to 3 of your opponent
mon. This attack does 120 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon. This attack does 120 damage to 2 of your opponent
mon, this attack does 140 more damage.
mon, this attack does 140 more damage, and discard all Energy from this Pok
mon. This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter you placed in this way.
mon, this attack does 230 more damage.
mon, this attack does 30 more damage.
mon. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon, this attack does 50 more damage.
mon. This attack does 60 more damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon. This attack does 70 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon. This attack does 70 damage for each heads.
mon. This attack does 80 damage for each heads.
mon. This attack does 80 damage to your opponent
mon, this attack does 80 more damage.
mon. This attack does 90 damage for each heads.
mon. This attack does 90 more damage for each card you discarded in this way.
mon, this attack does nothing.
mon this card is attached to, attach this card from your discard pile to that Pok
mon this card is attached to cost {C} less and do 30 more damage to your opponent
mon this card is attached to do 40 more damage to your opponent
mon this card is attached to do 50 more damage to your opponent
mon this card is attached to has a Retreat Cost of exactly 4, is in the Active Spot, and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent
mon this card is attached to has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent
mon this card is attached to is damaged by an attack from your opponent
mon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an attack from your opponent
mon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, the Retreat Cost of both Active Pok
mon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, you may attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to it.
mon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent
mon this card is attached to takes 30 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon this card is attached to takes 50 less damage from attacks from your opponent
mon this card is attached to uses an attack, that attack costs 1 Energy less.
mon, this card provides every type of Energy but provides only 1 Energy at a time.
mon, this card provides every type of Energy but provides only 2 Energy at a time.
mon to 1 of their Benched Pok
mon to 1 of your Benched Pok
mon to evolve it. If that Pok
mon to evolve it, skipping the Stage 1. You can
mon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck. You can use this card on a Pok
mon to evolve it. Then, that player shuffles their deck. (Players can
mon Tool and a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent
mon Tool attached, this attack does 40 more damage.
mon Tool attached, this attack does 70 more damage.
mon Tool card, a Supporter card, and a Stadium card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon Tool card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon Tool cards attached. If this Ability goes away, discard Pok
mon Tool cards from their hand.
mon Tool cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon Tool or Special Energy card from 1 of your opponent
mon Tools and Special Energy from all of your opponent
mon Tools and Special Energy from your opponent
mon to the Active Spot.
mon to the Active Spot. If you do, switch your Active Pok
mon to the Active Spot. If you do, the new Active Pok
mon to the Active Spot. This attack does 20 damage to the new Active Pok
mon to the Active Spot. This attack does 30 damage to the new Active Pok
mon to the Bench.
mon to the Bench. (Your opponent chooses the new Active Pok
mon to the new Benched Pok
mon to your Active Pok
mon to your Benched Pok
mon tries to use an attack, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack doesn
mon used an attack during your last turn, this attack does 150 more damage.
mon used Angelite during your last turn, this attack can
mon used Spiky Rolling during your last turn, this attack does 80 more damage.
mon {V} (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
mon {V}. This attack
mon {V}, this attack does 110 more damage.
mon was damaged by an attack during your opponent
mon was evolved in this way, that player may search their deck for a Stage 2 Pok
mon was healed during this turn, this attack does 100 more damage.
mon was healed during this turn, this attack does 120 more damage.
mon were Knocked Out by damage from an attack during your opponent
mon with 100 HP or less, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You can
mon with 1 of their Benched {W} Pok
mon with 1 of your Benched Pok
mon with 1 of your Benched Team Rocket
mon with 70 HP or less and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon with 70 HP or less from your discard pile onto your Bench.
mon with {F} Resistance, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon with your Active Pok
mon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this Pok
mon you find there and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon you find there and use it as this attack. Shuffle the revealed cards into your opponent
mon you find there onto their Bench.
mon you find there onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards and put them on the bottom of your deck. You can
mon you find there onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
mon you have in play. This attack does 60 damage for each heads.
mon, you may attack again after your opponent chooses a new Active Pok
mon, you may put all Basic {W} Energy attached to that Pok
mon, you may use an attack again after your opponent chooses a new Active Pok
mon, you may use this Ability. Draw 2 cards.
mon, you may use this Ability. Draw 3 cards.
mon, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy from your opponent
mon, you may use this Ability. Heal all damage from each of your Evolution Pok
mon, you may use this Ability. Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and attach any number of Basic Energy cards you find there to your Pok
mon, you may use this Ability. Make your opponent
mon, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Shedinja and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Silcoon or a Cascoon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
mon, you may use this Ability. Switch in 1 of your opponent
mon, you may use this Ability. You may also use this Ability if this Pok
mon you moved to your Bench to the new Active Pok
MoreDevolve
Move 3 Energy from this Pok
Move a Basic Energy from 1 of your Pok
Move a Basic Energy from this Pok
Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Pok
Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Team Rocket
Move an Energy from 1 of your opponent
Move an Energy from this Pok
Move a {W} Energy from this Pok
Move up to 2 Energy from your Benched Pok
Neo Upper Energy
Once during your first turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 {C} Pok
Once during your turn, if you have any {G} Mega Evolution Pok
Once during your turn, if you have Solrock in play, you may discard a Basic {F} Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Draw 3 cards. You can
Once during your turn, if you played Canari from your hand this turn, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for up to 2 Basic {L} Energy cards and attach them to this Pok
Once during your turn, if your Active Pok
Once during your turn, when your Mega Latias {ex} moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Move any amount of Energy from your Benched Pok
Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pok
Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to this Pok
Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic {G} Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pok
Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic {G} Energy card from your hand to this Pok
Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic {L} Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pok
Once during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Basic {R} Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Benched Ethan
Once during your turn, you may attach up to 3 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to your {L} Pok
Once during your turn, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose Burned, Confused, or Poisoned. Your opponent
Once during your turn, you may heal 20 damage from your Active Pok
Once during your turn, you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Put the other card on the bottom of your deck.
Once during your turn, you may look at the top 4 cards of your deck and attach any number of Basic {M} Energy cards you find there to your Pok
Once during your turn, you may look at the top card of your deck. You may discard that card.
Once during your turn, you may move a Basic Energy from 1 of your Pok
Once during your turn, you may put 13 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
Once during your turn, you may put 5 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
Once during your turn, you may put 5 damage counters on this Pok
Once during your turn, you may search your deck for a Basic {P} Energy card, a Basic {M} Energy card, or 1 of each and attach them to your {P} Pok
Once during your turn, you may search your deck for a Cynthia
Once during your turn, you may search your deck for an Ethan
Once during your turn, you may search your deck for a Pok
Once during your turn, you may search your deck for a Stadium card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Once during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Evolution {M} Pok
Once during your turn, you may switch 1 of your Benched {D} Pok
Once during your turn, you may switch your Active Pok
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Attach a Basic {F} Energy card from your hand to 1 of your {F} Pok
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, discard a random card from your opponent
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, put an Energy attached to your opponent
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Heal 30 damage from each of your Pok
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Basic {D} Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Benched {D} Pok
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for an Erika
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for up to 2 Basic {P} Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Switch a card from your hand with the top card of your deck.
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Switch your Active Pok
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Your opponent reveals their hand, and you put a Basic Pok
Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Your opponent shuffles their hand and puts it on the bottom of their deck. If they put any cards on the bottom of their deck in this way, they draw 4 cards.
paralyzed
Paralyzed
paralyzeL
Place 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent
Place 2 damage counters on your opponent
Place 3 damage counters on your opponent
Place damage counters on your opponent
Poison Chain
poisoned
Poisoned
poisonedH
Poison Jab
Poisonous Musculature
 Poison Point
Poison Powder
Poison Ring
Poison Spray
Powerful Hand
Precocious Evolution
preEvolution
Prevent all damage counters from being placed on Benched Pok
Prevent all damage done to Pok
Prevent all damage done to this Pok
Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pok
Prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pok
Prevent all damage from and effects of attacks from your opponent
Prevent all damage from attacks done to this Pok
Prevent all effects of attacks used by your opponent
Prism Energy
Prize Count
Put 1 of your Benched Pok
Put 2 cards from your hand on the bottom of your deck in any order. If you put 2 cards on the bottom of your deck in this way, draw 4 cards.
Put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent
Put 2 damage counters on each of your opponent
Put 2 damage counters on your opponent
Put 2 {R} Energy attached to this Pok
Put 4 damage counters on your opponent
Put 6 damage counters on each Pok
Put 6 damage counters on your opponent
Put an Energy attached to 1 of your opponent
Put an Energy attached to this Pok
Put a Trainer card from your discard pile into your hand.
putDamageCounter
Put damage counters on each of your opponent
Put up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
Put up to 2 Supporter cards from your discard pile into your hand.
Put up to 3 Duskull from your discard pile onto your Bench.
Put up to 9 damage counters on this Pok
Quick Attack
remainDamageCounremainEnergyCost
remainDamageCounter
remainEnergyCost
RemoveDamageCounter
RemoveDamageCounterCount
resistanA
resistance
Retreat
retreatCost
retreated
retreateL
Reveal any number of Honedge, Doublade, and Aegislash from your hand, and this attack does 60 damage for each card you revealed in this way.
Roasting Burn
Rock Fighting Energy
Ruffians Attack
s Active Basic Pok
s Active Evolution Pok
s Active Pok
s Active Tera Pok
s Adventure card in your discard pile.
s Adventure card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Sand Attack
s attacks and use it as this attack.
s attacks. During your opponent
s base damage is 240.
s base damage is 30.
s Bench.
s Benched Basic Pok
s Benched Pok
s Burned Pok
s) by effects of attacks and Abilities from the opponent
s cost), this attack does 100 more damage.
s cost), this attack does 140 more damage.
s cost), this attack does 80 more damage.
s damage isn
s deck.
s deck and put them back in any order.
s deck. If 1 of your Pok
s deck. If you played an Ancient Supporter card from your hand during this turn, discard 3 more cards in this way.
s deck. This attack does 140 more damage for each Energy card discarded in this way.
s deck. You may choose an attack from a Pok
s deck. You may choose any number of Basic Pok
s discard pile.
s) do 30 more damage to the opponent
Search your deck for 2 cards, shuffle your deck, then put those cards on top of it in any order.
Search your deck for a Basic Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for a Basic {F} Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {F} Energy card or a Basic {F} Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {G} Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {G} Energy card and attach it to this Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {L} Energy card and attach it to this Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {M} Energy card and attach it to this Pok
Search your deck for a Basic Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {R} Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for a Basic {W} Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pok
Search your deck for a card that has no Abilities and evolves from 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for a Mega Evolution Pok
Search your deck for an Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Benched {G} Pok
Search your deck for an Evolution Pok
Search your deck for an Item card, a Pok
Search your deck for an Item card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for a number of cards up to the number of your Benched Pok
Search your deck for any number of Basic Energy cards of different types, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for any number of Basic Pok
Search your deck for a Pok
Search your deck for a Stadium card and an Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for a Stadium card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for a Supporter card that has 
Search your deck for a Tera Pok
Search your deck for a Trainer card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic {D} Energy cards and attach them to this Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Future Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards of different types, reveal them, and put 1 of them into your hand. Attach the other to 1 of your Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic {G} Energy cards and up to 2 Basic {L} Energy cards and attach them to your Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Hop
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic {P} Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Benched Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic {P} Energy cards and attach them to this Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Steven
Search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for up to 2 Froakie and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for up to 2 Item cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends.
Search your deck for up to 2 {L} Pok
Search your deck for up to 2 Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards of different types and attach them to your Tera Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards of different types, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for up to 3 Basic {P} Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Team Rocket
Search your deck for up to 3 {D} Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Ethan
Search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of {G} Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of {R} Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Misty
Search your deck for up to 3 Pok
Search your deck for up to 3 Stage 1 Pok
Search your deck for up to 4 {L} Pok
Search your deck for up to 5 cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
Search your deck for up to 5 Pok
Search your deck for up to 7 Basic {R} Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
s Echoed Voice attack does 80 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
s Encouragement is in your discard pile, this attack does 150 more damage.
s Energy attached, this attack does 60 more damage.
s Energy from this Pok
serialActive
serialBench
SetupActivePokemon
SetupBenchPokemon
s evolved Pok
s face-down Prize cards.
s face-down Prize cards face up and choose a random card from your opponent
s hand.
s hand, and your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck.
s hand. Discard the top card of your opponent
s hand until they have 5 cards in their hand.
s hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck.
s hand. Your opponent reveals that card. You may have your opponent switch those cards. (That Prize card remains face up for the rest of the game.)
s hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into their deck.
s) have no Retreat Cost.
Shield Attack
Shuffle all Energy attached to this Pok
Shuffle up to 5 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 4 cards. If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, draw 8 cards instead.
Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 6 cards.
Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 6 cards. If you have exactly 6 Prize cards remaining, draw 8 cards instead.
s Hyper Fang attack
s last turn, this attack does 100 more damage.
s last turn, this attack does 120 more damage.
s last turn, this attack does 160 more damage.
s last turn, this attack does 60 more damage.
s last turn, this attack does 80 more damage.
s last turn, this attack does that much more damage.
Sleep Pulse
s Mochi Rush attack does 50 more damage
s next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pok
s next turn, discard the Defending Pok
s next turn, prevent all damage done to this Pok
s next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to that Pok
s next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pok
s next turn, put 9 damage counters on the Defending Pok
s next turn, whenever they attach an Energy card from their hand to the Defending Pok
Speed Attack
Spiky Energy
Spinning Attack
Spit Poison
s Poisoned Pok
s remaining HP is 30 or less, it has no Retreat Cost.
s remaining HP is 50 or less, this attack does 170 more damage.
s Retreat Cost.
s Sandwich cards from your discard pile into your hand.
s Staryu during this turn, this attack does 80 more damage.
stadium
stadiumP
stadiumPlayed
stage1
stage2
s) take 30 less damage from attacks from the opponent
 Stimulated Evolution
Strike the Sleeper
s turn, if they played a Supporter card from their hand this turn, they may heal 10 damage from each of their Pok
s turn, if they played a Supporter card that has "Team Rocket" in its name from their hand this turn, they may draw 2 cards.
s turn, that player may discard an Energy card from their hand in order to draw cards until they have as many cards in their hand as they have {P} Pok
s turn, that player may put a card from their hand on top of their deck.
s turn, that player may put up to 2 Basic {L} Energy cards from their discard pile into their hand.
s turn, that player may search their deck for a Basic Pok
s turn, that player may search their deck for a Marnie
s turn, that player may search their deck for a Stage 1 Pok
s turn, that player may switch their Active {W} Pok
Super Poison Breath
supporterPlayed
Surprise Attack
SwitchEnergy
SwitchEnergyCard
 Switch your Active Pok
Switch your Active Pok
Switch your Active Team Rocket
s Zero to Hero Ability.
t affected by Resistance.
t affected by Weakness.
t affected by Weakness or Resistance.
t affected by Weakness or Resistance, or by any effects on those Pok
t affected by Weakness or Resistance, or by any effects on your opponent
t apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pok
t attack.
t attack unless you have 4 or more Team Rocket
t be Asleep.
t be put into your hand or deck from the discard pile.
t Burned, this attack does nothing.
t discard 2 cards in this way, this attack does nothing.
t discard 4 cards in this way, this attack does nothing.
t discard 6 cards in this way, this attack does nothing.
Team Rocket's Energy
Telepath Psychic Energy
Teleportation Attack
t evolve a Basic Pok
t evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.)
t evolve this turn.)
t have 10 or more Basic {F} Energy cards in your discard pile, this attack does nothing.
t have a Rule Box and Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. (Pok
t have a Rule Box by attacks from your opponent
t have a Rule Box, choose 1 of its attacks and use it as this attack.
t have a Rule Box, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. (Pok
t have a Rule Box, the attacks it uses do 30 more damage to your opponent
t have exactly 3 or 4 Prize cards remaining, this attack does nothing.
t have exactly 7 cards in your hand, this attack does nothing.
t have Lunatone on your Bench, this attack does nothing. This attack
t have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, this attack does nothing.
t have Uxie and Azelf on your Bench, this attack does nothing.
(The Energy can be of any type.)
The Mega Zygarde {ex} this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.)
The Retreat Cost of the Pok
The Weakness of each of your opponent
This attack
This attack also does 10 damage to 1 of your Benched Pok
This attack also does 10 damage to each of your Benched Pok
This attack also does 10 damage to each of your opponent
This attack also does 130 damage to 2 of your opponent
This attack also does 20 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack also does 20 damage to each Benched Pok
This attack also does 20 damage to each of your Benched Pok
This attack also does 30 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack also does 30 damage to 2 of your opponent
This attack also does 30 damage to each of your Benched Pok
This attack also does 40 damage to 1 of your Benched Pok
This attack also does 40 damage to each Benched Pok
This attack also does 50 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack also does 60 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 100 damage for each Special Condition affecting your opponent
This attack does 100 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 100 damage to each of your opponent
This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched Cynthia
This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on this Pok
This attack does 10 more damage for each Ancient card in your discard pile.
This attack does 10 more damage for each damage counter on all of your opponent
This attack does 10 more damage for each damage counter on this Pok
This attack does 10 more damage for each damage counter on your opponent
This attack does 140 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 180 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 20 damage for each Basic {W} Energy card in your discard pile. Then, shuffle those cards into your deck.
This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched {F} Pok
This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on this Pok
This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on your opponent
This attack does 20 damage for each Energy attached to your opponent
This attack does 20 damage for each of your Basic Pok
This attack does 20 damage for each of your Benched Pok
This attack does 20 damage for each of your Pok
This attack does 20 damage for each Pok
This attack does 20 damage for each Supporter card that has 
This attack does 20 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 20 damage to each of your opponent
This attack does 20 more damage for each Benched Pok
This attack does 20 more damage for each Energy card in your discard pile.
This attack does 20 more damage for each {L} Energy attached to all of your Iono
This attack does 20 more damage for each of your Benched Pok
This attack does 20 more damage for each of your opponent
This attack does 20 more damage for each {R} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 20 more damage for each {W} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 30 damage for each Basic Energy card in your opponent
This attack does 30 damage for each card in your opponent
This attack does 30 damage for each Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 30 damage for each Item card in your opponent
This attack does 30 damage for each of your Ancient Pok
This attack does 30 damage for each of your opponent
This attack does 30 damage for each of your Team Rocket
This attack does 30 damage for each Pok
This attack does 30 damage for each {W} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 30 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 30 damage to each of your opponent
This attack does 30 less damage for each {C} in your opponent
This attack does 30 more damage for each damage counter on your opponent
This attack does 30 more damage for each Energy attached to both Active Pok
This attack does 30 more damage for each Energy attached to your opponent
This attack does 30 more damage for each {G} Energy attached to all of your Pok
This attack does 30 more damage for each {G} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 30 more damage for each of your opponent
This attack does 30 more damage for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
This attack does 40 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched Rattata.
This attack does 40 damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent
This attack does 40 damage for each Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 40 damage for each of your Erika
This attack does 40 damage for each of your Pok
This attack does 40 damage for each Pok
This attack does 40 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 40 more damage for each damage counter on your opponent
This attack does 40 more damage for each {D} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 40 more damage for each Energy attached to your opponent
This attack does 40 more damage for each of your Evolution Pok
This attack does 40 more damage for each {P} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 40 more damage for each {R} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 40 more damage for each Stage 2 Pok
This attack does 50 damage for each card in your opponent
This attack does 50 damage for each {P} Energy attached to all of your Pok
This attack does 50 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 50 damage to 2 of your opponent
This attack does 50 damage to each of your opponent
This attack does 50 more damage for each damage counter on your opponent
This attack does 50 more damage for each Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 50 more damage for each Energy attached to your opponent
This attack does 50 more damage for each {G} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 50 more damage for each Prize card your opponent has taken. Discard an Energy from this Pok
This attack does 50 more damage for each Prize card your opponent has taken. This Pok
This attack does 50 more damage for each {W} Energy attached to this Pok
This attack does 60 damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent
This attack does 60 damage for each of your opponent
This attack does 60 damage for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
This attack does 60 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 60 damage to each of 2 of your opponent
This attack does 60 damage to each of your opponent
This attack does 60 less damage for each Energy attached to your opponent
This attack does 60 more damage for each Ethan
This attack does 60 more damage for each Prize card your opponent took during their last turn.
This attack does 70 damage for each damage counter on your opponent
This attack does 70 damage for each of your Pok
This attack does 70 damage for each Prize card you have taken.
This attack does 70 damage to 1 of your opponent
This attack does 70 more damage for each damage counter on this Pok
This attack does 80 damage for each Prize card you have taken.
This attack does 80 more damage for each Energy attached to your opponent
ToActive
ToBench
ToDeck
ToDeckBottom
ToDeckEnergy
ToHand
ToHandEnergy
ToPrize
t play any {ACE SPEC} cards from their hand.
t play any Item cards from their hand.
t play any Stadium cards from their hand during their next turn.
t play any Supporter cards from their hand during their next turn.
t put 2 cards from your hand on the bottom of your deck, you can
t recover from that Special Condition when they evolve or devolve.
t retreat.
t retreat. During your next turn, the Defending Pok
t take any Prize cards for it.
t, this attack does nothing.
Tumbling Attack
t use attacks.
t use attacks. (This includes new Pok
t use Blaze Blitz again until it leaves the Active Spot.
t use more than 1 Ability that has 
t use more than 1 Fan Call Ability during your turn.
t use more than 1 Flip the Script Ability each turn.
t use more than 1 Lunar Cycle Ability each turn.
t use more than 1 Run Errand Ability each turn.
t use more than 1 Subjugating Chains Ability each turn.
t use that attack.
t use this attack during your first turn. This attack does 30 damage for each of your Benched Pok
Twilight Poison
weakness
weaknessH
Whenever your opponent plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pok
Whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pok
When you attach this card from your hand to a Pok
When you attach this card from your hand to a {P} Pok
Wing Attack
You can use this attack only if you go second, and only during your first turn. Your opponent can
You can use this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand.
You can use this card only if you discard 3 other cards from your hand.
You can use this card only if you discard a Basic {R} Energy card from your hand.
You can use this card only if you discard another card from your hand.
You can use this card only if you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent.
You can use this card only if your opponent has 2 or fewer Prize cards remaining.
You can use this card only if your opponent has exactly 2 Prize cards remaining.
You can use this card only when it is the last card in your hand.
You may attach any number of Basic Energy cards from your hand to your Pok
You may discard 2 {L} Energy from this Pok
You may discard all Energy from this Pok
You may discard any amount of Basic Energy from your Pok
You may discard any number of Supporter cards that have 
You may discard a Stadium in play. If you do, this attack does 140 more damage.
You may discard up to 2 Basic Energy from your Benched Pok
You may discard up to 2 Energy from your Benched Pok
You may discard up to 4 Energy cards from your hand, and this attack does 40 more damage for each card you discarded in this way.
You may do 120 more damage. If you do, this Pok
You may do 30 more damage. If you do, this Pok
You may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand.
You may move an Energy from your opponent
You may move any amount of {M} Energy from your Pok
You may put all Energy attached to this Pok
You may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
You may search your deck for any number of Basic Lillie
You may search your deck for any number of Fennel cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
You may search your deck for any number of Pok
You may shuffle 3 Energy attached to this Pok
You may shuffle all Energy attached to this Pok
You must discard 2 cards from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may draw a card.
You must discard a Basic {L} Energy from this Pok
You must discard a Basic {R} Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may make your opponent
You must discard a card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may draw 2 cards.
You must discard a Chill Teaser Toy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may switch in 1 of your opponent
You must put a card from your hand on the bottom of your deck in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand.
Your opponent chooses 3 cards from their hand and shuffles those cards into their deck.
(Your opponent chooses the new Active Pok
Your opponent counts the cards in their hand, shuffles those cards, and puts them on the bottom of their deck. If they do, they draw that many cards.
Your opponent discards 2 cards from their hand.
Your opponent discards a card from their hand.
Your opponent discards cards from their hand until they have 3 cards in their hand.
Your opponent flips a coin for each of their Benched Pok
Your opponent reveals their hand.
Your opponent reveals their hand, and this attack does 80 damage for each Energy card you find there.
Your opponent reveals their hand, and you choose a card you find there and put it on the bottom of their deck.
Your opponent reveals their hand, and you choose an Energy card you find there and put it on the bottom of their deck.
Your opponent reveals their hand, and you discard a card you find there.
Your opponent reveals their hand, and you discard up to 2 Item cards you find there.
Your opponent reveals their hand. Discard all Item cards and Pok
Your opponent reveals their hand. This attack does 50 damage for each Trainer card you find there.
_Z10CalcDamageRK5Statei7CardRefRK4CardS2_S5_bPK6Attack.isra.0
_Z10CalcDamageRK5Statei7CardRefRK4CardS2_S5_bPK6Attack.isra.0.cold
_Z10EffectBurnR5Statei
_Z10EvolveProcR5State8AreaTypeiS1_ii
_Z11AfterAttackR5State
_Z11AfterDamageR5State7CardRefR4CardS1_RKS2_.isra.0
_Z11AfterDamageR5State7CardRefR4CardS1_RKS2_.isra.0.cold
_Z11ConfuseProcR5State
_Z11DeckToPrizeR5Stateii.constprop.0
_Z11DeckToPrizeR5Stateii.constprop.0.cold
_Z11DevolveProcR5State7CardRefR4Card8AreaType
_Z11EffectSleepR5Statei
_Z11LogConfusedR5Stateib7CardRef
_Z11LogPoisonedR5Stateib7CardRef
_Z11SelectPrizeR5Stateiii
_Z11ShuffleDeckR5Stateib
_Z12AfterAbilityR5State
_Z12AfterAttack2R5State
_Z12AfterAttack3R5State
_Z12AfterAttack4R5State
_Z12AfterRetreatR5State
_Z12ApiAllAttackR11JsonBuilder
_Z12AttackDamageR5State
_Z12AttackEffectR5State
_Z12EffectPoisonR5Stateii
_Z12LogParalyzedR5Stateib7CardRef
_Z12ParalyzeProcR5State
_Z12SelectedBurnR5State
_Z13AfterBurnProcR5Statei
_Z13AttackEffectsR5Stateb
_Z13SelectedPrizeR5State
_Z14AfterSleepProcR5Statei
_Z14AttackCoinProcR5Statei
_Z14CoinLuckyBonusR5Statei
_Z15ActivateAbilityR5State
_Z15AttackCoinProc2R5State
_Z15SetAttackEnergyRK5StateRK4CardRKSt6vectorI10EnergyTypeSaIS6_EEbb
_Z15StartSetupBenchR5State
_Z16ActivateAbility2R5State
_Z16AttackDamageCoinR5Statei
_Z16SelectCoinSingleR5Statei
_Z16SelectedAttackIdR5Statei
_Z16SelectedRetreat2R5State
_Z16SwitchEnergyProcR5State7CardRefS1_
_Z17SelectDamageMultiR5State
_Z17SetupBenchPokemonR5Statei
_Z17SpecialAttackProcR5State
_Z18AfterAttackTriggerR5State
_Z18AfterEnergyDiscardR5State7CardRefRK4Cardi
_Z18AttackNoDamageCoinR5Statei
_Z18EffectAttackDamageR5Stateii
_Z18SelectedCoinSingleR5Statei
_Z18SetupActivePokemonR5Statei
_Z19AfterSkipIfCoinTailR5State
_Z19AfterTriggerAbilityR5Statei
_Z19SelectActivePokemonR5Statei
_Z19SelectBenchMaxTrashR5Statei
_Z19SelectCoinUntilTailR5Statei
_Z19SelectedDamageMultiR5State
_Z19SelectedMoreDevolveR5State
_Z19SelectedPrizeTargetR5State
_Z19SelectPokemonEnergyR5StateiRK13FixedListBaseIi12AttachedCardLi60EEi13SelectContext
_Z20AfterBreakIfCoinHeadR5State
_Z20AfterBreakIfCoinTailR5State
_Z20ResetupActivePokemonR5Statei
_Z20SelectedEnergyTargetR5State
_Z20SelectedEvolveTargetR5State
_Z20SelectedSecondAttackR5State
_Z21AfterAttackDamageCoinR5Statei
_Z21PreSetupActivePokemonR5Statei
_Z21SelectedBenchMaxTrashR5State
_Z21SelectedCoinUntilTailR5Statei
_Z21SelectedDisableAttackR5Statei
_Z21SelectedPokemonEnergyR5State
_Z22BothSetupActivePokemonR5State
_Z22DamageCounterSwitchAnyR5Statei
_Z22SelectDamageCounterAnyR5State
_Z22SelectedDamageMultiAllR5State
_Z23AfterSetupActivePokemonR5State
_Z23InsufficientEnergyCountRK5StateRK13FixedListBaseIa10EnergyTypeLa7EERKSt6vectorIS3_SaIS3_EERK4CardRK6Attackb
_Z23InsufficientEnergyCountRK5StateRK13FixedListBaseIa10EnergyTypeLa7EERKSt6vectorIS3_SaIS3_EERK4CardRK6Attackb.constprop.0
_Z23InsufficientEnergyCountRK5StateRK13FixedListBaseIa10EnergyTypeLa7EERKSt6vectorIS3_SaIS3_EERK4CardRK6Attackb.constprop.0.cold
_Z23SelectedActivateAbilityR5State
_Z23SelectPokemonEnergyLoopR5Statei
_Z24EffectAttackNoDamageCoinR5Stateii
_Z24SelectedDamageCounterAnyR5State
_Z25AfterBreakIfCoinTailMultiR5Statei
_Z25AfterResetupActivePokemonR5Statei
_Z25ClearSleepParalyzeConfuseR5Statei
_Z25SelectedPokemonEnergyLoopR5Statei
_Z25SelectedSetupBenchPokemonR5Statei
_Z26SelectedSetupActivePokemonR5Statei
_Z27AfterAttackDamageChangeCoinR5State
_Z27SelectedRemoveDamageCounterR5State
_Z29AfterDeckToTrashCoinUntilTailR5State
_Z30SelectTrashSinglePokemonEnergyR5Statei7CardRefi
_Z33SelectedAddDamageCounterSwitchAnyR5Statei
_Z36AfterAttackDamageChangeCoinUntilTailR5State
_Z36SelectedRemoveDamageCounterSwitchAnyR5Statei
_Z42SelectedAttackDamageChangePutDamageCounterR5State
_Z43AfterAttackDamageChangeTargetCountEnemyCoinR5State
_Z8BurnProcR5Statei
_Z9AddDamageR5State7CardRefR4CardibS1_bPK6Attack
_Z9CoinPrizeR5Stateii
_Z9LogAsleepR5Stateib7CardRef
_Z9LogBurnedR5Stateib7CardRef
_Z9SleepProcR5Statei
_ZGV11AttackTable
_ZL11EnergyTypes
_ZL13AllAttackJson
_ZN5Chain11abilityPlayEiPKDuS1_
_ZN5Chain12existDamagedE12TargetPlayer.constprop.0
_ZN5Chain13abilityEvolveEiPKDuS1_
_ZN5Chain13costHandTrashEi
_ZN5Chain17effectTrashEnergyEi12TargetPlayer
_ZN5Chain17effectTrashToHandEi
_ZN5Chain18effectTrashStadiumEv
_ZN5Chain18targetEnergyCardMeEv
_ZN5Chain19effectEvolvesToEachEv
_ZN5Chain19effectLookEnemyhandEv
_ZN5Chain20costHandTrashLimitedEi
_ZN5Chain21postEffectActiveEnemyE10EffectType.constprop.0.isra.0
_ZN5Chain21postEffectDamageBenchEii
_ZN5Chain21postEffectDeckToTrashEi
_ZN5Chain23canHandToDeckAndShuffleE12TargetPlayer
_ZN5Chain23conditionAttachEnergyMeE10EnergyType
_ZN5Chain23effectBasicEnergySwitchE12TargetPlayer
_ZN5Chain23postEffectDamagePokemonEii
_ZN5Chain23postEffectDamagePokemonEii.constprop.0
_ZN5Chain23postEffectTrashEnergyMeEi
_ZN5Chain23postEffectTrashEnergyMeEi.constprop.0
_ZN5Chain23postEffectTrashEnergyMeEi.constprop.1.isra.0
_ZN5Chain24effectHandAttachEnergyMeEi
_ZN5Chain25effectDeckToHandNoShuffleEi.constprop.0
_ZN5Chain25effectTrashAttachEnergyMeEi
_ZN5Chain26conditionPrizeCountGreaterEv
_ZN5Chain26effectDeckToHandAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain26effectDeckToHandAndShuffleEi.constprop.0
_ZN5Chain26postEffectTrashEnergyMeAllEv
_ZN5Chain27effectDeckToBenchAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain27effectDeckToTrashAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain27effectTrashToDeckAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain27preEffectFailAttackCoinTailEv.isra.0
_ZN5Chain28effectSelectAttachEnergyHandEi
_ZN5Chain28postEffectParalyzeIfCoinHeadEv
_ZN5Chain32effectDeckAttachEnergyAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain33effectDeckToHandReverseAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain33effectSelectAttachBasicEnergyDeckEi
_ZN5Chain33effectSelectAttachBasicEnergyHandEi
_ZN5Chain34effectDeckAttachEnergyMeAndShuffleEi
_ZN5Chain34effectSelectAttachBasicEnergyTrashEi
_ZN5Chain37effectLookAndToHandRestDeckAndShuffleEii
_ZN5Chain37postEffectNoDamageAndEffectIfCoinHeadEv
_ZN5Chain38effectDeckSelectBasicEnergyNotSameTypeEi13SelectContext
_ZN5Chain38effectLookAndToBenchRestDeckAndShuffleEi12TargetPlayer
_ZN5Chain42postEffectActiveEnemyEnergyTrashIfCoinHeadEv
_ZN5Chain6attackEiPKDuS1_PKcSt16initializer_listI10EnergyTypeE
_ZN5Chain7abilityEiPKDuS1_8AreaTypeS2_.constprop.0.isra.0
_ZN5Chain7abilityEiPKDuS1_8AreaTypeS2_.constprop.1
_ZN5Chain7abilityEiPKDuS1_8AreaTypeS2_.constprop.2
_ZN5Chain7abilityEiPKDuS1_8AreaTypeS2_.constprop.3.isra.0
_ZN5Chain7abilityEiPKDuS1_8AreaTypeS2_.constprop.4.isra.0
_ZN5State21targetListEnergyCountEv
_ZN5State22isPreventDamageCounterERK4Card
_ZN5State25targetListTypeEnergyCountE10EnergyType
_ZN6AttackD1Ev
_ZN6AttackD2Ev
_ZNK4Card13getEnergyTypeEv
_ZNK5State11getEnergiesEi7CardRefRSt6vectorI10EnergyTypeSaIS2_EE
_ZNK5State11retreatCostERK4Card.isra.0
_ZNK5State13getEnergyInfoERK4Card7CardRef
_ZNK5State14getEnergyCardsE7CardRefRSt6vectorIS0_SaIS0_EE
_ZNK5State15canEvolveEffectERKS_RK4CardRK10CardMaster7CardRef
_ZNK5State15typeEnergyCountEi7CardRef10EnergyType
_ZNK5State21isPreventEffectActiveEi
_ZNK5State22satisfyAttackConditionERK4CardRK6Attacki
_ZNK5State9isEvolvedE7CardRef
_ZNSt10_HashtableIiSt4pairIKi6AttackESaIS3_ENSt8__detail10_Select1stESt8equal_toIiESt4hashIiENS5_18_Mod_range_hashingENS5_20_Default_ranged_hashENS5_20_Prime_rehash_policyENS5_17_Hashtable_traitsILb0ELb0ELb1EEEE9_M_rehashEmRKm
_ZNSt13unordered_mapIi6AttackSt4hashIiESt8equal_toIiESaISt4pairIKiS0_EEED1Ev
_ZNSt13unordered_mapIi6AttackSt4hashIiESt8equal_toIiESaISt4pairIKiS0_EEED2Ev
_ZNSt6vectorI10EnergyTypeSaIS0_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJRKS0_EEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS0_S2_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt6vectorI10EvolveInfoSaIS0_EE17_M_default_appendEm
_ZNSt6vectorI10EvolveInfoSaIS0_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJRKS0_EEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS0_S2_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt6vectorI12AttackEnergySaIS0_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJS0_EEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS0_S2_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt6vectorI16TriggeredAbilitySaIS0_EE17_M_default_appendEm
_ZNSt6vectorI16TriggeredAbilitySaIS0_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJEEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS0_S2_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt6vectorI16TriggeredAbilitySaIS0_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJRKS0_EEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS0_S2_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt6vectorI16TriggeredAbilitySaIS0_EE9push_backERKS0_
_ZNSt6vectorI16TriggeredAbilitySaIS0_EEaSERKS2_.isra.0
_ZNSt6vectorIP6AttackSaIS1_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJRKS1_EEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS1_S3_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt6vectorIPK6AttackSaIS2_EE17_M_realloc_insertIJS2_EEEvN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPS2_S4_EEDpOT_
_ZNSt8__detail9_Map_baseIiSt4pairIKi6AttackESaIS4_ENS_10_Select1stESt8equal_toIiESt4hashIiENS_18_Mod_range_hashingENS_20_Default_ranged_hashENS_20_Prime_rehash_policyENS_17_Hashtable_traitsILb0ELb0ELb1EEELb1EE2atERS2_.constprop.0
_ZSt16__introsort_loopIN9__gnu_cxx17__normal_iteratorIPPK6AttackSt6vectorIS4_SaIS4_EEEElNS0_5__ops15_Iter_comp_iterIZ12ApiAllAttackR11JsonBuilderEUlS4_S4_E_EEEvT_SG_T0_T1_
